my name is george
i work on the ipfs team i'm the
lead on the ipfs infrastructure team
also officially known as bifrost
the core team is made up of the three of
us myself
michael burns and tommy hall but uh
we've seen many contributions from
more people who i listed below
the biggest probably the biggest
accomplishment for our team this year
has been
keeping up with the ever increasing um
requests uh on uniques and and and
data flowing through the gateways we're
sort of a victim of our own success
because we quickly realized that uh just
spinning gateways on bigger boxes
results in more people using the
gateways
so we've had to pause a little bit and
see what other knobs we can
we can tweak so that we don't we don't
have to
just keep spinning up bigger boxes uh
just to give you an idea of
uh our gateways we run in nine regions
via bgp anycast which means we serve
the same ip address from from multiple
regions uh we do deploy
via terraform and ansible uh we use
openresty which is enginex plus
lua for scripting as a reverse proxy in
front of go ipfs
all the gateways have an 800 gigabyte
hard drive for caching
and our observed slis are around
average 150 milliseconds time to first
byte and 99.97
uptime for for this year um we've
accomplished these numbers uh
by uh applying lots of tweaks to
the go ipfs uh garbage collection uh
thresholds uh os level uh tweaks
rotting tweaks um for example we
we noticed recently that having nodes in
frankfurt region uh basically
made most of the traffic get uh get
sucked into into that region
so uh it wasn't great for user
experience because we would get users
from like asia hitting frankfurt just
because they were closest to that
region in terms of of network hops so we
we
we've since distributed the load uh
better
but yeah uh we've seen it uh takes
increase in unique visitors
and in gateway traffic
um another thing that we maintain
is a list of bootstrappers we've scaled
from seven nodes to
uh 12 nodes we've also switched from
using static ips and the go ipf's
configs
to using dns adder suffix matching and
the way that works is
when you resolve
dnsr.bootstrap.looptp.io you get a list
of peers
which are which are also dns adders so
if you recursively
resolve those then you get
multiple uh ports multiple
entries for the same peer but describing
uh
other protocols so you can you can
easily uh
have it like a like a a nested way of
describing
multiple peers from the same dns adder
top dns adder
uh this is this allowed us to easily add
support for websockets and
and quick um
also we've spun up an ipfs scallop
cluster um
this is a three-note cluster 80
terabytes each
so lots of room to grow there it's
currently
hosting a bunch of pl websites as well
as
falcon parameters which are similar
multi multi terabytes
as far as monitoring we didn't have a
lot going in
uh we just used like plain old ssh to
log in and tell logs
so we've since uh incited a monitoring
pipeline
we use prometheus for our metrics uh for
machine level metrics like
overall memory usage network cpu usage
we use node exporter
then go ipfs itself provides metrics in
the prometheus format
so we get all sorts of good info such as
number of peers
bit swap stats uh quick stats all sorts
of very good
good things and for the http proxy which
is
operating this case we use mtail to
parcel logs and expose the percentage of
requests of successful requests fail
requests
and and so on which we used to alert on
and also to graph in uh in grafana
we also oh yeah we also use pingdom and
rain tag for
global op type checks that that is how
we got that 99.97
uptime some things that we would like to
to work on uh in the next year are
obviously keeping up with increasing
user demand
uh that mostly means scaling ipfs
uh uh instances and working closely with
the go ipfs team in identifying
uh memory leaks or or tweaks that we can
we can make
we would like to make our repos public
we've uh
uh basically extracted most of our
secrets from from the repo so
at some point we would like to make that
open source
and start accepting contributions
also a big one has been streamlining
dmca request
because we've we've been getting lots of
those so
we actually have work to
enable a double hash denied list that
can be easily shared with other gateway
operators
which would be great to do at some point
also we have to find better ways of
testing configs
before deploying to all of the gateways
right now we have staging boxes we do
canary deploys to them
but um sometimes so some things
are still not uh not obvious when they
break so we would like to
have a sort of uh
a better approach to testing these
before they hit live and also we like to
experiment with running ipfs on
kubernetes at scale
the major of the kubernetes networking
layer makes it
challenging but if we solve that
it really makes up in terms of
orchestration
across multiple regions